Do you still think he is your emperor now?
You are really impersonating
Don't listen to him
One Emperor
Impostor dies
Who dares to impersonate?
You really don't cry when you see the coffin?
Then I'll beat you until you show your true form today
Don't come here
You can't bear the anger of Yihuang Palace
Now.
With this ugly scar on your face
Do you still dare to say that you are the Emperor of Iraq?
Kid Lao Tzu is even pretending to be the Yi Emperor
You can't afford to offend
Is there any other background?
Lao Tzu is the eldest young master of the Axe Gang
How dare you offend me?
When the time comes, the Axe Gang 100,000 an axe
I'll chop you into mince
How dare you threaten me?
Do you hear me?
Your lord emperor is from the axe gang
hateful
How dare you impersonate a royal minister
What are you doing?
I let you pretend
Tell me why you are impersonating
What purpose can famine serve when it approaches me?
To take advantage of you, of course?
Bastard, I'll kill you
Do you still think I'm meddling with mice?
That's right.
How do you know he is impersonating a emperor?